Fix cmake variable name to match SONATA_REPORT (#3)
BlueBrain/libsonatareport: CMakeLists.txt

    project(libsonatareport)
endif()

option(SONATA_REPORT_ENABLE_SUBMODULES "Use Git submodules for header-only dependencies" OFF)

> option(SONATA_REPORT_CXX_WARNINGS "Compile C++ with warnings as errors" ON)

Reviewer: nitpick : 
```suggestion
option(SONATA_REPORT_ENABLE_WARNING "Compile C++ with warnings as errors" ON)
```
might be better?
